# Posting

#### Q: How can I change the title or prefixes of a thread I've already created?
**A:** Navigate to the thread you would like to change and look for the green button named "Tools" located in the upper right area of your thread. Hover over this button and look for the "Edit Thread" option. Upon clicking this, you will see two different options, prefix and title. To edit the title of your thread, just edit the text box to your liking. To change prefixes, you can either click the x's on existing prefixes to remove them, or click on the box to bring up a full list of prefixes available to add. When you're done making all your changes, you can click the "Edit Thread" button in the bottom right to save your changes and return to your thread.

#### Q: How do I post an image or screenshot?
**A:** You can embed images into your posts by clicking the "Insert/edit image" button in the post editor. If you already have a link to the image you want to embed in your post, just put it in the source option and then press OK. The description and dimensions options are optional. If you don't already have a link to the image and have it on your computer instead, you'll need to upload it somewhere. We recommend that you use [Imgur](https://imgur.com/), a popular, reliable and free image hosting service. Click the upload images button at the top, and then either select the image from your computer or drag and drop it on the page, then click start upload. Once it's done, you'll need to get the direct link to the image. In most browsers, you can right click the image and there will be an option to either open image in a new tab or open the direct image. Click this and copy the URL of the image, you can now put this URL in the source option and click OK to insert the image into your post.

#### Q: How do I post a video?
**A:** For the most part, you shouldn't have to worry about this. The forum will automatically convert any YouTube links posted on the forum into an embeded video. If for some reason that doesn't work, you can use the [media] BBCode tag. An example of using this tag would be like this, [media]YouTube link here[/media].

#### Q: How do I make spoilers?
**A:** You can make a spoiler in your post by clicking the "Insert a spoiler" button in the post editor, you can find it by looking for the exclamation mark. If you click the button with no text selected, it will make a blank spoiler for you to type in. If you had text highlighted when you click the spoiler button, the editor will put the text you had highlighted into the spoiler for you.

#### Q: I have a very long post and want to organize it with a few links. How do I make a link that takes me elsewhere in the same post?
**A:** You can use a cool feature called anchors. Anchors allow you to have clickable text that will bring you somewhere else on a post. Most commonly, this will be used for making table of contents on long posts for easier navigation. Anchors use 2 BBCode tags, [goto] and [anchor]. The [goto] tag is the tag you use to link to an existing anchor. An example of using [goto] would be as follows, [goto='Introduction']The Introduction[/goto]. Using this would create clickable text "The Introduction" linking to an anchor named Introduction. Creating an anchor to link to is just as easy. Make sure that you put this anchor wherever you want the [goto] tag linking people to. If we are to name it Introduction, the anchor would be [anchor='Introduction'][/anchor]. Once we've done all that, the clickable "The Introduction" text should now be linking to wherever you put the Introduction anchor at.

#### Q: How do I delete my own post or thread?
**A:** You can report your thread or post with the report reason "Move/Delete My Post". A moderator will then remove it for you. Please note that if you would like all your posts deleted, you should contact Curse support [here](http://www.minecraftforum.net/meta/support) instead.
